# NodeSecure Working Group Meeting 2022-08-09

## Present

* Tony GOREZ
* Thomas GENTILHOMME
* Vincent DHENNIN
* Mehdi BOUCHARD
* Nicolas HALLAERT
* Pierre DEMAILLY

## Agenda

### Interopability with Verdaccio

* Thomas: Presentation of the Github issue and the verdaccio tool. The topic is primarily to highlight the fact that it would be interesting to be able to integrate the CLI web interface into third-party tools. It would also be very interesting to analyze in depth the verdaccio npm package to give them feedback and recommendations (in this respect they have needs sometimes similar to ours).

* Thomas/Tony: Providing security and quality analysis to open source projects can be interesting (sometimes in exchange for a logo on their tool or landing page for example).

> **Actions to take/next steps ?**
> 
> - Analysis of the npm verdaccio package with the NodeSecure CLI and creation of a PDF report containing the results.

### NodeSecure Next - Vision for the future

* Thomas: We need to schedule a meeting with everyone (including antoine) to discuss our ideas and values we want to bring forward to describe the project (and build the project brand).

* ALL: Agreed with the need to schedule a meeting.

* Nicolas: Brings thoughts on the notion of neutrality and possible problems for the future.

> **Actions to take/next steps ?**
> 
> - Schedule a meeting

### Landing page and blog

* Thomas: Expresses the importance of having a landing page for the project to date. We need more examples and ideas on the issue to start working on a initial landing page design.

* Mehdi: I will work on initial UI/UX on figma. Please feel free to provide examples and ideas I can work with.

* Mehdi/Tony: The landing page and the blog is probably two seperated US but they are in the same Epic. We will see the blog later but it seems logical that it is related to the landing page.

> **Actions to take/next steps ?**
> 
> - Specify the content/sections
> - Iterate on design ideas and build a first UI design.

### NodeSecure database

* Thomas: Explaining the RFCS and why we need a database. We need a champion on the subject because it will be a real big project on its own and many of us are already too busy with various subjects. We will probably need financial support to save the generated cost around Infrastructure (server location etc).

* Tony: Asks about the importance of this project, and if we can continue the project without it.

* Thomas: Yes definitely, but it will become a blocking factor for many new features and some projects like preview.

* Tony: I think we should discuss the missing features of the project in the NodeSecure next meeting. Discuss among ourselves why we want this database, then create a Github repository and specify the needs one by one.

> **Actions to take/next steps ?**
> 
> - Create a repository on Github and initiate issues on it.

### Implements authors on scanner

* Vincent: Informations about maintainer/author domain will probably remain between a flag because of the ratelimit issue (IANA is limited to 30req/s). I need to release a version of domain-check and authors and then I will implement authors in the Scanner. We also need to keep an eye on the activity of maintainer that we get from NodeSecure/github package.

* Thomas: That's the work of Nicolas right ?

* Nicolas: Yes! Now I need to work on Authors to add an option to fetch those data for each maintainers. If we have no data on Github then we take data on the NPM api (but it will only be available for publishers).

* Thomas: Talk about recent NPM update on social network integration. I wonder if the information in the API will be viable from now on...

* Vincent/Thomas: Discussion about Sigstore

### Highlight issues

* Thomas: Reminds about the importance of highlighting the issues for new contributors. Many join the Discord but few contribute. Think about opening issues when we are stuck and we don't have time to deal with the issue.

